Over the past few years, the Christian community has participated in two different events to help us understand and engage in world missions.  Abandoned Devotion with SVM2 was a night of prayer for the nations, and CUStraightAhead was a mobilization event, where we heard from guest speakers about how to go and participate in missions.

This year, we are combining those two events into a brand new event called Light 09.  We will gather for an evening to LEARN about missions, PRAY for the nations, and consider how we can SEND missionaries and even GO ourselves on missions.  Our speaker for the evening will be Elyse Lee, a recent graduate of Cornell University who currently works for Pioneers, a missions organization.

The Details
Light 09 will be held on February 21, 2009 in BioTech G10 from 7:00 - 9:30PM.  
Check out the website for more information: http://culight.org/event.htm.

The Website
LIGHT is more than a one-time event.  We've built a website, culight.org, where you can learn about the event as well as how to PRAY for missionaries, SEND missionaries, and GO on missions.  It is our hope that world missions becomes an increasingly integral part of the Christian community at Cornell as we seek to engage the world with the Gospel of Jesus.

The Name
We chose the name LIGHT as we meditated on John 1.  JESUS is the light, and we are not!  We live to POINT to him - not ourselves - as Savior and Treasure.  We do this at Cornell, and we go to do it in the workforce and the world.

    In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things were made through him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it. 


    There was a man sent from God, whose name was John. He came as a witness, to bear witness about the light, that all might believe through him. He was not the light, but came to bear witness about the light. 


    The true light, which enlightens everyone, was coming into the world. 


    -John 1:1-9


Get Involved
Check out the website.  Come to the event.  Bring some friends.  Begin praying.  Begin praying about going.

Working with you for the advance of the Gospel and the JOY of all peoples!
-Light 09 Committee
